>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So I'm gonna
go ahead and I'll do this as well.
I copy this useless snippet, and
I'll just pull something to browser.
If for those following along online, and
if you haven't If you didn't catch it
because we're working off of master.
Because some of the new
features that I did last night,
this will collide because this
component already exists.
So we're just kind of changing
the course just a little bit.
And we are changing it
to a login component.
So ng g c, we'll go login.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go,
component has been created.
I'll go ahead and add this
to
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: My
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Home.
So if I flip over this should be here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
So now if we go back and let's start
to build out kind of the base for
us to knock this out.
So log in, CSS is going to the snip in
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Copy this in, boom.
We'll go to the component here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And the HTML
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm just gonna change
something real quick here on the fly,
username, password.
And I'm just gonna change
this to password as well.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just a small
change there.
And,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The only
thing I need to do here,
I see the copy actually
this piece right here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: To this
component all ready exist.
The differences,
I'll just put this import in,
we'll see in just a moment
why I'm doing this.
And let's say we have a Login interface,
an object, so
it's just a username and a password.
So I'll just leave this up here.
And so basically,
I just copied that first few lines.
I changed the interface To
kinda match what we're doing.
And then,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The interface
has changed as well as the form itself.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we will revisit this in just a moment but
let's talk about reactive forms.